#Introductory Session

The introductory session should take the adventurers from their starting city
and give them their main story quest in some ultimate form. These other concepts
will also be introduced to the players throughout this session:

 + The power of Steam
 + The madness of Steam
 + Something lurks beneath the earth
 + The idea of industrial vs. nature
 + They have a nemesis

##The First Quest

The characters, already knowing one another, find themselves at a tavern within
the outer city of __Kolm__ (an outlier village for the main city: __Elvion__).
While they are drinking and/or eating the night away, the barkeep approaches
them and notes that they look like adventurers and if they'd be interested in a
bit of work.

He requests their aid in looking for his son: a coal miner who hasn't returned
from the mines in several days. He initially only offers his gratitude, but if
the adventurers refuse, he offers them cash (up to _50 coins per-person_, which
is all his register holds) as a reward and, if they still refuse, he promises
that he can get them an artefact through his connections with the mayor.

The only important thing to note about this quest is that it has the adventurers
going down the coal mine. If they refuse to go down the mine, it's up to the DM
to somehow get them to go down said mine in some other way so that the story can
progress.

###Some Notes on Kolm

Kolm is a small village on the outskirts of the capital: Elvion. As such, most
of the people here are small and of little value to seasoned adventurers, as
most of the true craftsmen are within the main city. However, there are some
basic shops here that sell most of what normal people may need, along with a
basic armory for protection, and some other sundries for coal mining.

The village itself is situated on top of one of the large coal mines of the main
city, the mine itself stretching several hundreds of fathoms deep. The miners
lead dangerous lives down there in the darkness. If they make one wrong move at
the depth they've been forced to work at, the whole city above could come
crumbling down onto their heads.

The air around the village is musty; smog fills the air from vents around the
main city that has had time to accumulate all the way over here. While the
immediate surroundings of the village are visable, if the adventurers look
towards the city, they're not actually going to be able to see it clearly. As
far as they can see, it's only some outline in the distance of a thick, brown
smog.

The centrepoint of the vilalge is a rickety tower leading to an airship dock,
providing the village with most of its supplies from the capital in exchange for
the coal that they send in reply. It is currently extremely hard to get a ticket
on one of these ships as a passenger due to how new they are, also meaning that
even this outpost in the middle of no-where is guarded by a small force of hired
security.

###Whispers Amongst the Coal Dust

Should the adventurers decide that they need more information before they go on
this chase down the coal mine, they can look around the village to collect
rumours about what goes on down there.

 + Miners will comment that the deepest caverns are where the weird things
 happen.
 + The townsfolk that do not go down the mine comment that, for several days
 now, the mines have started groaning at night, the wind from the entrence being
 neither natural or explainable.
 + The mayor will give a very general comment that the mine is a valuable source
 of income for the town and provides work to many a _young lad_. If persuaded
 further somehow, he also comments that the days of coal mining are, perhaps,
 numbered due to something new they've discovered down in the pit.
 + The foreman of the mine (only found in the bar, drinking his troubles away)
 will tell the adventurers that they dig now only because they cannot stop
 digging. The heat of the earth is what drives them down there, even as the
 darkness grows and envelops them all. Some miners don't even need to carry a
 lantern anymore.

##Miner's Beware

When the adventurers come to the mine (presumable after having gathered all the
information that they're interested in), they follow a well-walked path out of
town to a mining camp which is sparsely populated with one or two miners that
are up here performing administration work or simply slacking off. They can pick
up some of the equipment that is lying around if they so wish, so this would
include items like a lantern and a shovel (maybe even a canary - or they find
_that_ one abandoned somewhere down in the mine).

Any miners there will shrug and let them through with a warning that these mines
are not the safest places in the world. They may advise that the adventurers
should go no lower than the fifth floor, or they may not. When they move on from
the mining post, the adventurers follow the path through the centre of the camp
to a hole in the wall of a cliff face where a few lanterns have been set up to
keep the shadows at bay.

Not that they seem to do much good anyway. The adventurers look upon the
entrance to the cave and can still only see the first row of torchest on the
walls as the rest of the cave seems to remain in pitch darkness.

After about twenty metres, they come across a lift leading downwards. The lift
is made of oak and iron, and is about ten metres square. Even as the adventurers
look at it, it seems to creak and groan in the stagnant air that fills the mine.
As the party boards the lift, it creaks ominously, but does not give. The panel
is by the entrance to the lift and pressing any of the buttons takes them on a
rickety ride down into the depths of the mine.

Any level past the third is where the mine becomes deathly silent, except for
maybe some dripping water in some rare parts of the cave. The sound of the lift,
when it does move, is monstrous: the shrieking metal sound of pulleys, engines
and friction creates a metalic screech that sets the teeth on edge. In general,
the first to fourth floors are - if not well-lit - mostly lit with regular
torches along the walls, though some of the deeper ones may have gone out.

However, once the adventurers reach the fifth floor (roughly halfway through the
dungeon), the lights become sparse and the number of unlit torches rises
drastically. The tunnels become narrower and seem to stretch on forever, slowly
going further and further downwards into the depths of the mine. There is no
water dripping on the fifth floor and the mine remains deathly silent, even as
the adventurers pass several piles of miners equipment that seems to have been
left to gather dirt and dust.

Eventually, they will come across one dead end or another. All of these dead
ends will be pitch black in light, but there will still be several miners at
each of them, digging at the earth with whatever they have to hand. Some of the
luckier ones will be using picks, while the ones that look more bedraggled may
well be scraping away the dirt with their fingernails.

Any attempt to get through to the miners will result in them looking at the
adventurers blankly for a few moments before they start trying to dig at the
earth again. While they will remain non-violent towards the adventurers, they
will become distressed if the adventurers stop them from their work.

Their search for whatever macguffin has brought them here will eventually lead
them to a large cavern after the narrow caves. It's a massive cavern, easily 
stretching up tens of metres into the ceiling and leaving a room about 50 metres
in diameter. At the other end is another passageway leading into darkness.

As the adventurers cross the room, those reliant on nightvision and other non-
natural light sources will notice that some of the crevices have started glowing
orange (let's say Passive Wisdom of 12). If they do notice it and point it out
to the rest of the party, they will not suffer __surprise__ when the enemies
emerge.

__12 Fire Snakes__ emerge from cracks in the wall and flop down towards the
adventurers, hissing and spitting as their bodies light up the cavern in a dull
red glow.

This fight is meant to be almost impossible (or to actually be impossible) and,
sooner or later, the adventurers are going to have to make the choice to run
away. If they choose to run, a character comes and helps them make their escape,
but if they don't, the same character shouts at them from the entrance, telling
them to flee and that he'll hold them off.

He leads them on a direct path back to the elevator, refusing to answer any
questions until they're on it and they're up on the way to the surface. Once
they are, though, he introduces himself as Dr Charles Dance to the adventurers,
a renouned engineer of the city of Elvion. He offers them a job in the capital,
telling them that, if they're interested, they should meet him at the airship
terminal in the centre of town.

##Best Kept Secrets

Once the adventurers go and meet him there, at the foot of the tower, he shows
the guards a pass of some shape or form and they let him through with the
adventurers, allowing them to board an airship headed to the capital. Once 
they're all sat down, he introduces himself properly as the head of the royal
society of engineers, following this up with the story of steam and how the 
capital was forged from it. _'Are you familiar with the story of how steam came
to be?'_

Following on from this, he notes that over the last year, hthe city has changed:
the power of steam, though great, has become _'too powerful'_ as the dramatic
increase in production cannot be simply explained away by saying that machines
are growing more and more efficient. The lack of a valid explanation for this
makes Charles wary. He asks for the adventurers help in getting to the bottom of
this and finding an explanation of why it is so, promising them a few of his own
inventions as rewards.

After the explanation and subsequent discussion has passed, the ship is boarded
by an unknown party from a ship above the adventurers. They storm through and
immediately cover all characters present. Their leader, __Eizotl of Wilewick__
is the one pointing her crossbow at Charles' head. She promises that, should any
of the adventurers make any sort of move, she'll shoot Charles and let her
comrades deal with the adventurers. She emphasises this point by pressing the
tip of the crossbow into Charles' forehead.

If the players move, kill Charles immediately, otherwise, wait until she's
finished talking before making Charles move of his own volition before she
shoots him.

Eizotl opens in a faux-elegant greeting, thanking the adventurers for joining
her here today, before she states that Dr Dance here is going to be under her
custody for a while. Should the adventurers question her, she replies that it's
because he is the one to whom she lays the blame of industrialisation with. As
a druid, it is her duty to make sure that the balance of the world is preserved,
a dream which has become harder and harder to achieve as the continuing machine
of steam has progressed its way across the landscape.

Once she's done talking and has killed Charles in front of the adventurers, she
waves to the adventurers before leaving her grunts behind to deal with them.
She has now left the ship to the adventurers and __7 Order of Druid Grunts__. A
few moments later, the ship judders violently as the other ship departs, hitting
this ship and knocking the captain out - a move which startles all of the grunts
and allowing the adventurers a chance to fight back.

However, even as the adventurers fight, the ship is going down, still several
miles outside of the city in the wilderness. This battle completes as the ship
clears the lower layer of the smog cloud, careening towards the ground and a
brand new crash site. Any adventurer which has not anchored themselves somehow
in a secure location (or taken similar precautions) after 5 rounds of combat
suffers 1D10 of bludgeoning damage as the ship crashes.